What Daji
The hospital said
The nanny and Yaoyao were kidnapped. What?
How come?
What about the brothers in the hospital?
Brothers in the hospital
It was said that Liangkun hung them away
Said it was on your order
Liang Kuntila
Yaoyao and Mom can't be in trouble
Send someone to find them
Don't worry.
I will never let anything happen to Mom and Yaoyao
Ok, hahaha, you're lazy, think about it yourself.
In order to move to my Zhao family, I lost two ambitions
Is this deal worth it?
Hahahaha take them away from me.
Give it to Camellia Si for one method ingredient.
Don't stop this time you are doomed
Hahahaha mom
You're gonna be okay
You're going to be okay.
Sleepy you bastard
If something happens to Bomer and Miss Yaoyao
I will definitely let you be torn to pieces
Sister, please rest assured.
I'm going to disperse all the brothers now
Even if Jiang Cheng is turned upside down
Also find your family
My dear eldest sister
The old woman and the little blind man are now in my hands
If you don't want them to have an accident
Come and meet me on the rooftop in the north of the city
Liang Kun, I tell you
If my mom and Yaoyao lose a hair
Even if you go to the ends of the earth
I will definitely tear you to pieces
Come with me!